Greetings to all Buddhist followers and
friends! Welcome to our
program of singing praises in celebration of the 766th
anniversary of Emperor Tran Nhan Tong's birth.
Dear esteemed guests, Emperor Tran Nhan
Tong was an outstanding and wise ruler of Dai
Viet, who twice led the country to
victory against the Mongol invaders, protecting
national independence. After abdicating, he
became a monk, founded the Truc Lam
Zen sect, a purely Vietnamese tradition emphasizing
harmony between religion and life. Emperor Tran Nhan
Tong was not only a brilliant leader
but also a symbol of wisdom, compassion,
and a spirit of service to the people. With his
simple and noble life and
profound teachings, the Emperor left behind an
invaluable spiritual legacy that will forever illuminate the
path of morality and culture for the
Vietnamese nation. Dear guests, to praise the
great contributions of Emperor Tran
Nhan Tong to Buddhism and the
nation, and in commemoration of the
766th anniversary of Emperor Tran Nhan Tong's
birth, the Buddhist followers of the Golden Chrysanthemum
Club, practicing the Six Harmonies, have vowed to
offer this prayer together.  These songs and
hymns praise the Buddha Emperor Tran
Nhan Tong, and now we invite you to
sing and perform along to three
songs: "One, Joyful Birth of the Holy Ancestor," "
Two, Sacred Ancestral Land," and "Three, Proud of
Vietnam." And now, fellow devotees, are you all
ready to begin the program?
Ready, very ready, extremely ready!
Oh
yeah! 3 2 1, let's begin!
[Music]
Joyful birth of the Venerable Tran Nhan Tong, following the Buddha's footsteps, born into the world to teach the people to love their country. Joyful birth of the
Venerable Tran Nhan Tong, a bright lotus dream leading the
people to follow the Buddha's footsteps. Joyful birth of the
Venerable Tran Nhan Tong, born into the world. The bright lotus dream, the
people's joy. Joyful
birth of the Venerable Tran Nhan Tong, born into the world, ... the Venerable Tran Nhan Tong, born into the world, the Venerable Tran Nhan Tong, the Venerable Tran Nhan Tong, the Venerable
Tran Kham followed the
Buddha's footsteps, born into the world to teach the
people to love their country. King Tran Nhan
Tong, in his dream of a bright lotus flower, led
our country to follow in the Buddha's footsteps. How
joyful! The Holy Ancestor Tran Nhan Tong was born into the
world, his name is known for his gratitude to the people. How
joyful! The Holy Ancestor
Tran Nhan Tong was born into the world, his name is known for his gratitude to the people. How joyful! The
Holy Ancestor Tran Nhan Tong was born into the world, his name is known for his gratitude to the people. How joyful! The Holy Ancestor Tran Nhan Tong was born into the world, his name is known for his bright and glorious
birth. The Father awaits the birth of the Great Master [
music] [
waiting from the
Great Master Chinh, the Great Master V, the Great Master
V, the Great Master V, the Great Master V, the Great Master V, the Great Master V [music
] [music] [
Applause] [
music] [Applause] [music]
Tran Nhan
Tong, the Dharma Master, through the teachings of the Venerable
Tue Bich, continued the lineage of the Great
Master, the
Buddha, the ancestral land, Linh
Thien Uong Bi Quang,
continuing the lineage of the Buddha, the Great
Master
[music]
[Applause]
Vietnam, Buddha Ancestor Tran Nhan Tong, the wise king,
in the true Dharma of the Buddha, brought peace to the nation and prosperity to the
people.  The rebellion of the mausoleums, maintaining peace on the borders, the
golden throne. The virtuous and
peaceful rulers abandoned the
imperial city, concealing their names on Mount Yen Tu, building the
temple. Continuing the lineage of Zen, continuing the
lineage of the Zen masters, the ancestral masters, for a
thousand years. A thousand years of the land's perimeter. The
mysterious Quang Ninh, the origin of human life, the
Dharma of Thinh Huong, speaking of the lineage of the heavenly
land, the ancestral temple. The Heavenly Dharma, the
Huyen Quang Tue Bich, spreading the teachings, the ascetic, the ancestral
masters, the ancestral land. Linh Thi, Yen Tu, Thanh Dong, the
secret management of the ancestral
temple.
[Music] of
Vietnam. The Buddha, Tran Nhan Tong, the
British king.
The place of the true Dharma of the Buddha, the nation, peace of the people. Suppressing the rebellion of the mausoleums,
maintaining peace on the
borders, the golden throne. The virtuous and peaceful rulers abandoned the
imperial city, concealing their names on Mount Yen Tu, building the
temple. Continuing the lineage of the heavenly, continuing the lineage of the
Heavenly Master, for a
thousand years. A thousand years of the land's perimeter. The
virtuous and peaceful rulers abandoned the imperial city, concealing their names on Mount Yen Tu, building the temple. Continuing the lineage of the heavenly, continuing the lineage of the Heavenly Master, the ancestral temple. The
ancestral temple. Linh Thi, Yen Tu, Thanh Dong, the temple, the bitter relinquishment.  The
secret of Quang Binh, the ancestral land of Linh
Thien, the sacred Dharma, the proclamation of Kang Tue Bich, the
path of the Heavenly Head, killing the ancestral master of the ancestral land of
Linh Thien, releasing the Quang Ninh
Dharma, the path of the ancestral land of Linh Thien, Yen Tu, the city, drinking the secret of Quang, continuing the lineage of the heavenly
Ca Diep, the sacred ancestral land,
continuing the lineage of the heavenly master,
killing the ancient
[music] [
Applause]
[music] Proud
to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam
[music]
Green fields, green mountains, clouds swirling
around, singing loudly, high, soaring, the harmonious
sound of birds in the great forest,
Vietnam, the birth of a beautiful woman, listening to the whispering of the ocean, our
ancestors, a thousand years old,
built a foundation of love, the Vietnamese people,
with their golden mark, across the five heavens,
Vietnamese people, in their hands, carrying
bright wisdom, conquering the world from the bottom, Vietnam,
Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying the will to conquer the
world, friends, let us
hold hands, each step, calling out, we stop
building, the tiger, the Vietnamese, following the will to
rise  Vietnam
[music]
Nam from Hanoi is Vietnam, Hao
is Vietnam, Vietnam
from Hao is Vietnam, T Hanoi is Vietnam, Vietnam
[music]
Christmas love, lying down listening to the ocean whispering, our
ancestors, thousands of years old, Thanh Son
built a table of love, the land of
Vietnam, with that golden mark across the five heavens,
Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying
wisdom, conquering the world, from Hanoi is Vietnam,
Vietnamese people, Hand in hand, bright will, conquering the
world, friends everywhere, let's hold hands,
each step calling out, our ancestors built a table of
love, Vietnam following the dream,
Vietnam, friends everywhere, let's hold hands, each
step calling out, we stop building, the heroic song of
Vietnam following wisdom, starting from Vietnam, Vietnam
is Vietnam, Vietnam,
Vietnam, Vietnam
[music]
[Applause]
Yes, please give a
big round of applause to celebrate and praise
the extremely vibrant
and meaningful artistic performances just now. Surely, these
special songs will bring
happiness and peace.  This is beneficial for all
who appreciate and sing along. In
particular, we would like to express our gratitude to Ms.
Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan
Quan, head of the Quoc Vang Club practicing
Luc Hoa, for composing meaningful songs
for this program. Thank you for
your attention and
viewership. And now, goodbye and see you
again!